Pysical World Design:
    - The world is an infinite disk. A player can explore out in any direction farther and farther from the spawn point. It is open with no
      invisible walls.VAST, many places to go! can be alone, so vast you can be alone. The are TONS of biomes and places to go to and 
      people to talk to. The player has their stash in the center of the world where they are free to store their loot, money, items, etc.
      As the environment is permadeath, the player can, optionally, instantly warp back home to safety at any time. The catch is that a 
      cost will be automatically charged to the player as they are transported back home. the cost MUST be paid. At first it is just gold,
      for very cheap, and if a player cannot pay, it will just take as much as the player has without a fuss. As the player journeys much
      farther out into the world, however, the price will begin to cost Healthpoints, although slow at first, it is the aim to exponentially
      increas the cost until it is an outrageous amount that the player is unable to pay without dying in transport (this will be possible),
      this will force the player to win or die in these areas. Some very difficult enemies may drop safe warp tokens RARELY to grant safe warp.
      some regions may have uique affects like disabling the minimap or applying debuffs
Character Mode:
    - permadeath with stashing of look between characters
Storage:
    - infinite inventory, and wallet, although will lose on death, should store in stash at center of world
Player Communication:
    - VOIP
    - Game Chat
    
    bosses have large healthbars and distinct phases and interactions, must meet prerequisites to summon, drop significant, reqarding loot
    can customize character with accessories and dyes, choosing what is visable
    can choose playstyle from select classes
    unpredictable weapons with Bizzare graphics and interactions
    unique landmarks unlock new player activities and resources
    Wide selection of playstile and weaponry
    distinct factions: familiarity with factions and how to beat them, sense of belonging to game world
    bullet jumping, rolling, gliding, 
    loots of things to slash through
    no set storyline
    convert resources into higher complexity items to use
    unintended game behavior results in unique strategies that define the game
    uninvolved gui, no bloating
    unique art by miltonpool
    unique story, game is not lost among the others,
    tons of weapons and Classes, freedom to choose whatever
    choose good, choose evil, choose who to helpp, determines oppurtunity
    Combos and pvp, skill expression, competitiveness
    skill tree, identity, unique combat effects
    gear progression system, randomness and non linear
    have to survive in an economy, make money somehow
    skill expression, aiming matters
    pew pew pew, projectile based
    8 stats
    significant repeatable content, bosses, dungeons
    4 items  
    sense of self identity, character customization
    modding, equipment customization
    sense of identity
    full feeling of control
    traders
    black market